detective recap here today i'm going to
explain a drama romance film called
amuse
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
lee jukio sits by his table
and he opens up letters commending him
for the books he's written later that
night
he gets ready for bed before staring
blankly at his wall contemplating his
life
the next day lee's student sujiwoo is
reading some lines from his book in
front of an audience
lee picks him up afterwards and the two
head home there they are surprised to
find han yoon gyo sleeping on a chair
they ask her who she is and how she got
there and she explains that there was a
ladder by the fence and that she's
always wanted to sit in a chair like
that
after a brief conversation she
eventually leaves inside the house
so prepares food for him and lee so they
can have lunch together he asks lee if
the soup is too salty but lee just
ignores him and walks away
later so sits with lee he mentions
yoongio saying that she was looking for
a part-time job even though she's still
in high school
when so adds that she does housework all
the time lee instructs him to tell young
gio to come this saturday
that's saturday yoon gio is at least
home she's cleaning the house as lee
watches her closely
while cleaning his study she
accidentally hits a pile of books
lee hears this and helps fix the mess
yoon gil apologizes for this
but he reassures her that it's fine
before helping her out with the rest of
the chores
later yoon gill cleans some windows and
starts tellingly about herself
lee just listens staring in aw while she
speaks afterwards yoon gil notices how
stumpy lee's pencils are and offers to
sharpen them but he tells her not to
saying that sharp pencils are woeful
yoon gio then asks him about the poetry
behind sharp pencils
later that night lee explains why sharp
pencils are sad telling yoon gil that
the sounds of clattering pencils remind
him of crying
making sharp pencils sound like tears
yoongio curiously listens as he then
tells her that whenever she asks to
sharpen the pencils
it's like she's asking him to wipe away
her tears yoon gio gently nods as she
begins to understand what he means
before leaving for home
the next day yoon gio is in class while
she ponders over what lee told her
she then goes to lee's house in the
middle of a rainy night calling him from
outside
so he can let her in inside the kitchen
yoon gil asks him if she could stay the
night because she can't go home
he then asks her to show her face but
she hides it instead
approaching her lee checks her cheek
only to find a bruise there
concerned he asks who did that to her
and yoon gil currently responds that her
mother did it
she does that to yoon gyo sometimes so
she usually goes to a friend's house
after hearing this lee tells her to get
changed in his room lee lens yoon gyo
some of his clothes then dries her
clothes with a hair dryer
as yoon gil watches from his bed she
tells lee that she remembered one of his
poems in her last exam
lee curiously listens while continuing
to dry her clothes
lying down yoon gio starts talking about
her mother telling him that pencils
remind her of her mom since she used to
use her pencil knife to shave her heels
while she's speaking lee gives her some
quick glances as she slowly spreads her
legs
when she ends her story yoon gio asks
lee if he likes her feet
this surprises the old man making him
drop her blouse
yoon gil playfully laughs at this and
with that they go to bed
in the morning lee wakes up and is
surprised to find yoongi lying down near
his waist flustered he checks on her
again and notices a tattoo on her chest
he continues to stare at the tattoo
until so arrives hearing the gate open
lee quickly runs out to his study as so
opens the front door walking inside
so notices and gio's uniform on a hanger
and is surprised to see her coming out
of lee's room
he then walks towards the study and
looks through the window where he sees
that least flustered
later yoon gil makes breakfast for all
of them and offers so a pickle
so then tells you that lee doesn't like
bread but she ignores him and insists on
giving him some
in the study yoon gil happily gives leah
sandwich surprising him
he then takes it and praises yoon gyo
before she leaves to get coffee teasing
so on her way out
now alone with lee so approaches him to
remind him that you and gyoza high
school student
lee says he's aware of this then asks
what's wrong but so just sits and says
nothing
afterwards lee asked you and go about
her tattoo but she clarifies that it's
just hannah
overhearing this so throws the rest of
his coffee away in disgust
later in the woods the three are going
for a hike when so suddenly tells you
and gio that she can stop going to lee's
house
yoon gio just shrugs him off telling him
that she's now going there twice a week
surprised so could only watch while yoon
gyo catches up to lee holding his arm as
they walk
shortly after they move to a cliff yoon
gyo checks herself out through her
mirror before so roughly taps her
shoulder
making her drop her mirror upset the
girl lashes out at him
asserting that the mirror was a gift
from her mother he tries calming her
down
but yoon gil refuses to listen noticing
this lee starts climbing down the cliff
to get yoon gyo's mirror
despite yoon gyo and so's concern and
attempts to stop him he still goes on
eventually retrieving the mirror once
he's back lee returns you and gyo's
mirror to her
making her embrace him tightly while so
stares in disappointment later that
afternoon
yoon gil runs to lee's home to tell him
that she'll give him hannah though lee
tries to refuse it first
he gives in to yoon gio's persuasions
and the two head inside his house
lee nervously lies on yoon gyo's lap as
she starts putting the henna on him
when she tells him to close his eyes lee
soon starts zoning out
imagining himself with yoon gyo in his
imagination he's moving closer to her
gently touching her thighs before she
runs away standing up
lee stares at himself from the window
and is stunned to see a younger version
of himself
he then runs after yun-gyu smiling while
chasing after her
the two then head back to the house
slowly undressing each other as they
enjoy their moment
they're smiling the whole time and lee
even recites a poem dedicated to her
unfortunately his dream comes to an end
when yoon gyo wakes him up to excitedly
show him his new tattoo
later lee is in his study passionately
writing a poem for yungio as he imagines
the two of them together
in his home a frustrated so keeps trying
to write a poem but he ends up deleting
it from his computer
he then calls yung gyo asking her to buy
him some medicine but when she arrives
so start screaming at her demanding to
know what she's doing to lee and
asserting that he's a noble person
he keeps asking her if she knows what
lee means to him but yoon gio doesn't
even understand what he's getting at
confused and angry yoon gil asks him
what she did wrong before cursing him
snapping it in to screw off insulted so
grabs you and gyo pulling at her blouse
and blaming her mirror for the way lee
had risked himself just to get her to
stop crying
when he demands to know what's so
special about it yoongio stresses that
it was a gift from her mother and so
rudely asks if she thinks it's filled
with her love
though he's still furious he notices
blood on yoon gyo's blouse
this calms him down and he goes to get
some napkins for her yoon gil mentions
that she'd forgotten so was an
engineering major
surprising him she explains that lee
told her about how he met so and how it
took him 10 years to realize that not
all stars are the same
as so listens in shock he recalls the
day he met lee in his class during his
discussion about stars
she adds that he told her about the time
he went to prison where he learned to
fix cars
when so asks if lee's ever talked about
him yoon gio says she doesn't know
before asking if she could borrow the
heart which is so's book
the next day yoon gio and so are in lee
study so asks you if she's read the
heart yet while closely watching her fix
the room
yoon gio says that she hasn't because
she's busy to which so states that she
shouldn't read it
when yoon gyo starts moving a table so
quickly stops her but she insists on
moving it and mentions that lee has been
writing
while this surprises so he still tries
to stop you and gio from moving the
table
asserting that it's been there for the
longest time insistent yoon gyo tries to
stop so by sitting on the table
the two play around for a bit pushing
each other off before they knock the
table over
you and gil then hears lee arriving
making her rush upstairs to greet him
left alone so fixes the table and opens
it finding lee's poem for jungyeon
when yoon gio and lee arrive in the
study lee instructs young to return the
table
disappointing her so then gives lee his
schedule mentioning that he's going to a
restaurant to meet with the literary
museum officials on monday
yoon gio tells lee that she wants to
come making so sneer in disapproval
however lee allows her to go surprising
so with that yoon gio declares that
she's read the heart
they talk about so's book for a while
with lee explaining what he thinks of it
on monday lee has his dinner with the
officials one of the officials named mr
park asks about the girl in lee's poem
camella and he tells them that she was
17.
when they start bringing up the
literature museum lee suddenly stands up
much to everyone's surprise
as the group asks why he's in a hurry
lee answers by showing the henna you and
gyo drew on him
then he tells them that they have to
wait until he's dead if they want to
build the literary museum
with that he leaves for yun gil while
the museum officials wonder why so keeps
following lee around
at the bus stop lee picks up yoon yo
who's ecstatic to see him
they then drive off to a restaurant to
eat there the two joke around and enjoy
their time together
meanwhile and lee study so reed's lease
poem for yoon gyo again
after reading he leans back in sighs
heavily as he closes his eyes and
bewilderment
he then returns the poem to lee's table
gently closing it before he opens it
again
so angrily stares at yoon gio's name and
this time he slams it shut
later that night lee is working on his
truck when mr park suddenly arrives
he tells him that they'll name the
museum the camellia memorial hall and
that they want to display lee's
manuscript there
lee agrees to this before he and mr park
talk about so success as a writer
mr park then tells lee about so's latest
short story when lee asks what the title
is
he is surprised to discover that it's
called jim gyo after hearing this
lee rushes to his study and looks for
his poem about yundyo when he finds it
on his table
lee drives to a bookstore where he finds
so short story he holds the book as he
stares at it in shock
the next day so meets with lee in his
home inside
so makes a cup of tea for lee but he
refuses it saying that so might have
poisoned it
lee then confronts so about what he did
and so tries reasoning that he couldn't
just let lee's poem about yoon gil waist
away at his table
he had to let the world know about it
this only angers lee and he calls so a
thief but so retorts that lee was the
one who made him the way he is when lee
secretly wrote the heart for him
in retaliation lee claims that he
considered it so salary
so may not have had talent but he kept
him company so lee wrote it for him as a
gift
now so is going on a tirade about how he
doesn't know who he is anymore
if he's himself or leaves mask lee tries
to stop him but so remains deep in his
emotions
and he asks what makes his poem for you
different from the heart
then he tells lee that he can't publish
it because his relationship with yoon
gio would be scandalous
finally lee bursts out in anger grabbing
so and berating him over how worthless
he is and calling him a thief
lee then hits him in the head
threatening him continuously and cursing
at him
suddenly so stares to the side seeing
yoon hyo arrive and witness their
argument
afraid yoon gil runs away from the two
leaving the house as tears fall from
soa's eyes
lee then sits down sighing as he thinks
about what just happened
later that night yoon gil returns to
lee's house she tries to enter through
the front door
but it's locked making her move to the
window from there she starts calling out
to lee
telling him that she can't focus and
that she's hurting inside lee just
listens while yoon gil pleads for him
losing hope yoon gio picks up a copy of
the story about her on lee's porch and
leaves with it
the next day so walks home and suddenly
sees you and gil waiting by his door
holding a copy of his short story he
then asks you if she had read it but she
only scolds him for stealing the story
so apologizes for this and yoon gio asks
how he found out about lisanna
he tells her that he told him about it
but yoon gyo isn't satisfied scolding
him again for not keeping secrets with
lee
so then tells her that lee is a father
figure to him and that he trusts him
with everything
after this the two go to so's car and
continue to talk
suddenly so caresses her hair and starts
kissing her soon making his way to her
neck
but when she asks him why he's doing
this he stops so admits that he's lonely
and he pulls away
leaning back to his seat disgusted yoon
gil looks at him before leaving the car
to head home
after that so meets with a museum
official over dinner and they wait for
the announcement of the annual literary
award winner
the museum official then answers his
phone and informs so that he won the
award for his story on yun-gyo
so doesn't believe at first and he
eventually smiles still in disbelief
the museum official then asks him if lee
has read the story lying
so claims that lee did read it and that
it reminded him of so the next day
so is waiting for the awarding ceremony
to begin when the museum official
informs him that lee is there to watch
surprised so gasps as he sees lee enter
the awarding before taking his seat
after so receives the award the host
calls lee to the stage for a speech
about so's award
lee then gives his speech commending his
pupil one snowy day
lee cleans some of his windows before he
starts imagining yoon gyo
he stares at her as she giggles in the
snow but he stays inside choosing to
look longingly at her instead
later while lee is cutting some seaweed
strips yoon gio suddenly arrives and
greets him happy birthday
she even has a cake and a present with
her though lee's just staring at her
sadly through the window
yoon gil ignores this and tells him that
his windows are dirty she then notices
that lee is unhappy to see her but he
tells her that he's glad she came
after he opens the door for her she
happily walks in
lee's cooking at a barbecue outside and
yoon gio's preparing his cake when so
arrives
he greets lee and gives him a gift
before he leaves so informs yoon gil
that lee is diabetic then starts walking
away
lee stops him and invites him to stay
for a drink which so accepts
inside the two sit awkwardly together
while yoon gyo prepares the food
when she arrives she then asks lee about
the history of wine and lee answers her
so asks why she doesn't ask him any
questions but yoon gil laughs it off
telling him that he doesn't have good
answers and that he's too loose like all
engineering majors are
as they keep talking so starts musing
about how different his life is now that
he's become a national writer
critics used to hate him back then but
now they all love him just because he
won an award
he then proclaims that he is no longer a
mask and that he really just wants to
succeed
clearly drunk so continues to ramble on
before lee calls it a night leaving so
downstairs
who's now thanking lee for making him
who he is now in his room
yoon gil greets lee one more time before
walking out however
lee stops her and suddenly embraces her
and they hold each other tightly
after their embrace lee sits down on his
bed before eun gyo kisses him on his
forehead and leaves
lee bids her goodnight one last time
then goes to sleep however
yoon gil walks back inside and sneaks
into lee study in the middle of the
night
lee wakes up and walks downstairs seeing
eun gyoshu's lee makes his way to his
study where he finds you and so laughing
with each other
he then moves outside to spy on them
from a window and catches a glimpse of
them kissing
lee moves deeper into his house grabbing
a ladder nearby to watch the two from
another window
after climbing up lee is in disbelief
when he sees you and you and so hooking
up
lee climbs down from the ladder leaving
the two to finish with their business
afterwards lee sits in his car saddened
by what he had just witnessed
he waits for yoon gil to leave before
working on his truck again the next day
so rushes to his car and finds that one
of his tires is flat he then borrows
lee's truck
making lee jump from the bed when he
hears the engine start on the road
so is driving when he suddenly loses
control of the steering wheel making the
truck crash
afterwards he heads to the mechanic to
have it fixed in the repair shop the
mechanic tells him that the engine's
been intentionally loosened and so
deduces that whoever did it had killing
intent
with a look of realization he heads back
to lee's house after the car was fixed
as he drives so angrily thinks about
what he'll tell lee when he sees him
and he wonders why he would ever do such
a thing meanwhile back at lee's house he
starts burning his poem about yoon gyo
looking lonely as he throws the papers
into a fire still on the road so remains
deep in thought as he tries to overtake
a car in front of him
annoyed so speeds up but another car
comes crashing into his
the impact makes the car fall off the
road leaving so bloodied inside
while this is happening yoon-gyo is at
school and she checks on her phone's
message
to her horror lee is telling her that he
had killed so yoon gil then runs out of
class and rides a bus to lee's house
on her way there she sees a police car
and a crane pulling out so's car
leaving her helpless inside the bus as
she grieves the next day
in a library yoon gil reads so's
award-winning story again
making her suck in tears before heading
back to lee's home when she arrives she
finds spoiled food and liquor on the
table then moves to lee's room
there she finds him in bed smelling like
liquor eun-gyo starts talking to lee
stammering at first before lying down
beside him she tells him how she
understands that lee wrote so's story
and how she's grateful that he made her
so pretty there
lijus lies down with his eyes closed as
yoon gio continues telling him that
she's an idiot for not knowing how much
lee loved her
after pouring her heart to him yoon gil
gets up leaves a bouquet for lee then
bids him her last goodbye
after yoon gil closes the door lee's
eyes are filled with tears as he bids
you and yo goodbye for the final time
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching